courier_new.ttf
day_1.rpy
day_1.rpyc
gui.rpy
gui.rpyc
options.rpy
options.rpyc
screens.rpy
screens.rpyc
script.rpy
script.rpyc
audio/neco_arc_sound.mp3
audio/sunshine.mp3
audio/vine_boom.mp3
cache/bytecode.rpyb
cache/pyanalysis.rpyb
cache/screens.rpyb
cache/shaders.txt
gui/frame.png
gui/game_menu.png
gui/main_menu.png
gui/namebox.png
gui/notify.png
gui/nvl.png
gui/skip.png
gui/textbox.png
gui/window_icon.png
gui/bar/bottom.png
gui/bar/left.png
gui/bar/right.png
gui/bar/top.png
gui/button/check_foreground.png
gui/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/button/hover_background.png
gui/button/idle_background.png
gui/button/quick_hover_background.png
gui/button/quick_idle_background.png
gui/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/overlay/confirm.png
gui/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/nvl.png
gui/phone/textbox.png
gui/phone/bar/bottom.png
gui/phone/bar/left.png
gui/phone/bar/right.png
gui/phone/bar/top.png
gui/phone/button/check_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/check_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/choice_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/choice_idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/idle_background.png
gui/phone/button/radio_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/radio_selected_foreground.png
gui/phone/button/slot_hover_background.png
gui/phone/button/slot_idle_background.png
gui/phone/overlay/game_menu.png
gui/phone/overlay/main_menu.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/phone/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/scrollbar/vertical_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/horizontal_idle_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_hover_thumb.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_bar.png
gui/slider/vertical_idle_thumb.png
images/androo.png
images/arc.png
images/arc2.webp
images/cat 1.png
images/cat 2.png
images/cat 3.png
images/cat 4.png
images/cat 44.webp
images/cat 5.png
images/cat 6.png
images/cherry blossoms 2.png
images/cherry blossoms.png
images/deo.png
images/diner.png
images/dio stomp.webp
images/festival.png
images/hospital bed.png
images/hospital hallway.png
images/kitten 1.png
images/m house outside night.png
images/m house outside.png
images/m room.png
images/mall.png
images/neco deo.png
images/neco_arc room.png
images/paper 1.jpg
images/paper 2.jpg
images/pathway.png
images/poland_flag.png
images/room 2.png
images/school backrooms steps.png
images/school backrooms.png
images/school benches.png
images/school cafeteria.png
images/school classroom 2.png
images/school classroom letter.png
images/school classroom night.png
images/school classroom.png
images/school courtyard.png
images/school garden 2.png
images/school garden 3.png
images/school garden.png
images/school gym.png
images/school hallway 2.png
images/school hallway 3.png
images/school hallway 4.png
images/school hallway 5.png
images/school hallway.png
images/school library 2.png
images/school library.png
images/school lockers 2.png
images/school lockers.png
images/school pool.png
images/school roof.png
images/school stairs 2.png
images/school stairs 3.png
images/school stairs 4.png
images/school stairs.png
images/subway.png
saves/_reload-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-1-LT1.save
saves/auto-10-LT1.save
saves/auto-2-LT1.save
saves/auto-3-LT1.save
saves/auto-4-LT1.save
saves/auto-5-LT1.save
saves/auto-6-LT1.save
saves/auto-7-LT1.save
saves/auto-8-LT1.save
saves/auto-9-LT1.save
saves/navigation.json
saves/persistent
tl/None/common.rpym
tl/None/common.rpymc
